README.md, before:

# Stormbound-Kitty

Source code for [Stormbound-Kitty](https://stormbound-kitty.com/).

## Development

The site runs with [Next](https://nextjs.org/). Therefore, it uses Node.js (version 14). It is recommended to install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) (or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)) to manage Node versions, but it’s not mandatory, as long as Node 14 is installed on the machine.

Then run the following commands to install the local dependencies and start the development server:

```
npm install
npm start
```

## Tests

Unit tests are authored and ran with Jest, while end-to-end tests are executed via Cypress.

```
npm test
npx cypress open
```

## Bot

For the bot to work properly on a Discord server, it requires:

- A #trivia channel for the `!trivia` command.
- A #stormbot channel for all the other commands.
- Ideally some of the roles: Diamond, Platinum, Gold, Silver, Bronze, Iron, Starter, Swarm, Shadowfen, Ironclad, Winter, Neutral, Tournamentee, Artist and Streambound.

## Acknowledgements

[![Powered by Vercel](https://www.datocms-assets.com/31049/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com/?utm_source=stormbound&utm_campaign=oss)

[![Powered by Sanity](https://stormbound-kitty.com/assets/images/sanity-logo.png)](https://www.sanity.io/)

Commit message:

Add documentation about the local CMS

README.md, after:

# Stormbound-Kitty

Source code for [Stormbound-Kitty](https://stormbound-kitty.com/).

## Development

The site runs with [Next](https://nextjs.org/). Therefore, it uses Node.js (version 14). It is recommended to install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) (or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)) to manage Node versions, but it’s not mandatory, as long as Node 14 is installed on the machine.

Then run the following commands to install the local dependencies and start the development server:

```sh
npm install
npm start
```

## Tests

Unit tests are authored and ran with Jest, while end-to-end tests are executed via Cypress.

```sh
npm test
npx cypress open
```

## CMS

To run the CMS locally, make sure you [have Yarn installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) then:

```sh
cd cms
yarn
npm start
```

For the preview to work locally, both the local website and the local CMS need to run with the same `SANITY_STUDIO_PREVIEW_TOKEN` environment variable. Set it in `.env` for the Next app, and run the `npm start` command of the CMS passing it the environment variable:

```sh
SANITY_STUDIO_PREVIEW_TOKEN=YourValueHere npm start
```

## Bot

For the bot to work properly on a Discord server, it requires:

- A #trivia channel for the `!trivia` command.
- A #stormbot channel for all the other commands.
- Ideally some of the roles: Diamond, Platinum, Gold, Silver, Bronze, Iron, Starter, Swarm, Shadowfen, Ironclad, Winter, Neutral, Tournamentee, Artist and Streambound.

## Acknowledgements

[![Powered by Vercel](https://www.datocms-assets.com/31049/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com/?utm_source=stormbound&utm_campaign=oss)

[![Powered by Sanity](https://stormbound-kitty.com/assets/images/sanity-logo.png)](https://www.sanity.io/)
